[bitnami/prometheus-operator] Use requests and limits for thanos sidecar (#3246)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/prometheus-operator/README.md

| `prometheus.thanos.service.annotations`               | Additional annotations for Prometheus service                                                                                  | `{}`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `prometheus.thanos.service.extraPorts`                | Additional ports to expose from the Thanos sidecar container                                                                   | `[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `prometheus.thanos.resources`                         | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits for the Thanos sidecar                                                                     | `{}`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: To be consistent with other charts:
```suggestion
| `prometheus.thanos.resources.limits`                  | The resources limits for the Thanos sidecar container                                      | `{}`                                                    |
| `prometheus.thanos.resources.requests`                | The requested resources for the Thanos sidecar container                                   | `{}`                                                    |
```

Author: done
